you
hey folks Quilly team here and welcome
to another episode of a let's play
Railway Empire I hope everyone's got
their engineer hats on today because I'm
once again very excited to be playing
this game what we're gonna do is we're
gonna play another scenario today as
opposed to going through the campaign
and we've done the east we've done the
West so I think now we're gonna go south
I haven't actually looked at this area
at all but it should be considerably
less hilly I think than any of the other
places other than maybe the northwest
corner of it and I'm expecting a lot of
dry desert as well as a search for some
black gold's we're gonna see exactly how
that works that I'm going into this one
completely blind very excited to see how
it looks we are locked in this scenario
because we're not playing in free play
we're gonna start with 1 million dollars
start in Kansas City we have two
competitors we're gonna leave all these
settings to normal over here now we are
gonna pick who are we gonna pick I don't
we actually actually played as the
general I know why should we play
underworld higher freight price is
pretty good the techs pretty good I mean
these are all pretty strong form I think
it'll help with generating this kind of
track prices so well believe the names
as is Jonathan Johnson and the steel
Empire you love that name quite a bit
let's get it started
I really like this cutscene or I'm not
cutscene but like loading screen I guess
it's the sort of painting style feel
it's very excellent I like the mountains
in the background
alright here we go we can add mourn the
old days when this was all undeveloped
open prairie progress is unstoppable and
we are approaching a new century with
giant strides now it's time to open up
the oil fields in Texas
alright that sounds good so we've got
competitors down in the southeast here
connecting San Antonio's coffers
Christiane Houston and in the Northwest
Albuquerque Santa Fe is it is it at home
or Ratan I don't know how the Texans
pronounce it and Denver oh goes really
Denver Wow okay this is a much larger
covered area now we're starting to top a
right corner here in the Northeast with
Kansas City and we are
a fair distance to go to connect any of
the other nearby towns that being said
it is pretty flat which is gonna make it
easy to work with Salinas a size 2 City
which isn't too too bad so we might
start there just to get some passenger
traffic back and forth and Kansas City
do you want wheat or corn or what is
this
Lopez bit oh cool cool cool cool and
then we've got some sugar sugar sugar so
you do want corn and you do want grain
okay you want you also want sugar right
now do you have demand for cool yet um
no no demand for coal you might get
demand as the city grows or might need a
particular industry I think we'll go
ahead and we'll start with a route a
passenger route here and then we'll sort
of I don't know what we're gonna do to
connect things up exactly let's get
started with a building first we'll
start with a sighs oh yeah we have a
train station here already right right
right
sighs to fact I suspect we're gonna want
the large one but not might but we might
not have the cash for that right this
second so let's go ahead and get a
station smack-dab in the middle there
what did it start with here just a size
one station Otto sighs to you that's not
too shabby what I'm gonna do then is I'm
gonna connect up the bottom most of
these tracks between the two towns
saving the north one for probably mutual
stop at the the grain spot like that all
right
fairly good route zero percent incline
man that is gonna be really nice to run
some trains on that and with that I
guess we can start a new train right
away we'll set the locomotive line
between Kansas City and Salina
and that's good I don't think we have to
specify any special instructions for the
cargo and the one train we have access
to right now is the NYC American top
speed of 68 miles an hour
sixty-three percent tractive power over
here we are really not going to need a
lot of power rating if we are going to
be using if the land is gonna be pretty
flat it's gonna change our priority for
some of these for some of these trains
we're gonna look at our Jeff objectives
in a moment but we're gonna go and get
the basics set up here um Celina do you
need you need grain you need corn and
you actually don't have any right now
although if we deliver it to Kansas City
there's a chance it'll actually get
picked up and carried over what are you
bringing right now just a bunch of
passengers and Mail okay that's gonna be
good if you can keep going that way I'm
gonna be very pleased with that
now we are gonna want to go to double
roads or double tracks and a fairly
sophisticated set up as soon as possible
it might be a little early for it right
now
whoo set us can you rails Wow
might be a little early for that right
now okay let's go and get another
station set up over here for the grain
I'm gonna set it up
further away so that we don't have to
run quite as far and for this we're
gonna run the track in a way that mostly
runs parallel here and then diverges off
and goes there you are going to
oh hang on
delete
okay something must have connected a
little oddly but we're good now
awesome okay done oh I may have not have
connected it properly at the other end
that might have been what happened and
there we go so we're not treating this
truly as a double track here where each
one is its own direction but that should
be okay we are going to need some supply
stops and things I may as well do that
now before I forget supply towers do
have integrated signals so if we do sort
of this before it after the split that
should stabilize things at the Colin
estate do we want to have just one train
service the green going back and forth
that's probably okay because I don't
think we're gonna get as much grain as
we might like so your thing is gonna be
started the Collins estate go to Kansas
City go back to the Collins estate go to
Salina and at the Collins estate I want
you to fill to the max and fill to the
max so we'll grab full car loads every
time we wait and yes I guess you'll go
with the NYC American and that's gonna
be good enough now we do it some
personnel to purchase including and very
excited the event er over here they
mentor is spend money get innovation
points so we're gonna do that and
another one over here sounds great but
usually a headhunter to steal a employee
from someone else but I'm okay with not
doing that so we got plenty of research
points available here what are we gonna
do with it we can't get this locomotive
until a lot more stuff we could get the
Columbia here which is a slightly slower
but more powerful train we don't really
don't need that here because of our flat
flat ground so we'll probably do is get
some of these innovations here that
gives us 20% more cash on fruit and vege
boom and then we are out of innovation
points but we'll probably keep doing a
fair bit of this which one is this for
cattle for example yeah like that okay
so now that thing
are running and we've got a little bit
of income coming in there's all your
grain nice I can't remember we upgrade
farms we could purchase it and we can
start upgrading it we'd be very tempted
to take a look at that although right
now it's got plenty of stuff stored into
service both that one so maybe you're
okay all right tasks our earliest tasks
reach population of 50,000 in Kansas
City well as long as we supply Kansas
City with the things that it wants it
will grow Connect for cities that we're
gonna work for build a rail network
total length of that is a lot of miles
of Salina windows oh it's running out of
supplies there's a lot of rail now we do
have eight years to do that so there's a
good chance actually we will just
complete this on its own without
thinking about it then we're gonna have
transport loaded oil produce oil so
we're gonna have to buy our own oil
factory I don't think we need a spy so
Salina just shrunk down and it's still
shrinking what is it desperate for kind
of a little bit of everything now it's
gonna get a grain delivery soon let's go
and get corn here as soon as possible
[Music]
and wonder if I'm going to do the same
thing with the corn that I did with the
grain and just get a dedicated stop for
it now really that track ones not
getting enough traffic to worry about it
that much and I might be able to
piggyback now for now I think what we're
just gonna do we need maintenance sheds
as well I guess we'll build one here and
expand the station there we go so it's
got four tracks and we'll expand over
here as well it's it's gonna be fine
that's not what I want to do I want to
click on the station expand you I don't
think we're gonna the the maintenance
shed over here the same way so I want
you to run like that and wait here
because I forgot to actually build the
station over here small train station
and rotate thusly
excellent and similarly over here we'll
run it a little bit that way so we've
got some room to work you can't we can't
make that corner strike here maybe way
this far
excellent walk you in
and from here where'd you up that way
and then can we get a supply Tower
across a triple oh you can may as well
do that oh and this one Otto expand it
to be the triple Oh lovely okay good so
they'll be able to manage themselves
just here so we're gonna make another
train and we're gonna prioritize cattle
car yes I would love to buy that rather
than spent innovation points and then
you're gonna come back to reserve and
you go to go to Kansas City keep out of
this I'm not driving the price up I'm
buying it
cuz it's awesome and we did win that so
we spent what 30 to save ourselves like
300 innovation points that's great okay
gross oh that's someone else's town you
know locomotive will get the American on
there and five alright so you should be
filling up with corn over here and you
will deliver it to Celina first which
will help satisfy another one of its
requirements so it'll shrink if it
doesn't have enough of its stuff it'll
grow if it has all of its stuff so we
could also improve its growth if we got
logs and meat over here and I do want it
to grow because it'll produce you know
which is more passengers and just be
better and everything like that now
Kansas City's the thing we actually have
a quest to grow over here and we'll see
how that goes what do you have over here
now
so you have a brewery so as long as you
get grain you'll make alcohol and oh you
do have a requirement or request for
coal now you it is developed by Don
Lorenzo but you will take coal and
produce chemicals now what do we do with
the chemicals is the question these
towns don't actually want chemicals but
presumably long as it gets bed bigger
it'll want it
we got another inventor ready to go
hello Chris black welcome to the party
we do have enough research to unlock
something yeah you know what I'll grab
the automated Bell now it's relatively
cheap we've already got the cattle car
over here increased reliability is good
that also gives us a third innovation so
we can pick up the prr d12 next it's
Sloan's got a lot of tractive power
again what I really want I think on this
map there will be places for it but what
I mostly want is really fast trains so
we could connect up to Wichita getting a
little bit more passenger traffic and
that wouldn't be terrible we could get
more corn into Salina as well from back
here and what is this submit cement we
could actually get it so that the
Collins estate just feeds Kansas City so
that as brewery gets more resources well
we don't really have enough money to
expand right this second so maybe I'll
hold off on the corn from here but it's
certainly something to consider so what
is our next expansion gonna be I mean we
could expand to Wichita just to get
another town connected and so that we
can get more passenger traffic and it's
not terribly big I'm wondering about
doing a giant run from Salina down to
Amarillo where do we know where the oil
is balance a lightning storm that's cool
I can't see the oil there's oil in them
there hills
oh it's up here okay we know we're gonna
want to transport this stuff my spy
informed me that you need to urgently
clean up your orders to power to door
like a secret construction plans are
lying please
oh well geez all right sure we'll steal
something back from beatrix I didn't
realize it stole a tech for some reason
and that's pretty good I think that's
what we're gonna do I think we're gonna
connect from Salina down to Amarillo and
that way we'll be quite close to some
oil wasn't there another oil somewhere
over here you weirdly produce well
confused oh is it just because I'm
zoomed out a bunch it's it's adding
things together what's going on over
here ticket machine received oh cool we
got um we stole a tech now what is this
increase the power here locomotives by
10 percent again powers not the most
critical but it's still not bad or we
could just unlock this train I mean
unlocking the train is pretty cheap and
helps push us up a few different ways I
like moving us towards the Rogers 10
wheel which is very fast all right let's
go ahead and do this locomotive looks
how much money I have sure s probably
not enough personnel do I have a stoker
for more reliability which isn't bad all
right let's do we'll do a little
connection to Wichita here
what I'll probably do is piggyback on
maybe the bottom most track here not
going to worry too much about delivering
goods to Wichita a station here how
carefully did you consider that shush
it's fine
oh actually I can use maybe this
connection over here in Salina I think
that's gonna be swell
okay like this oh do we have a Kansas
City is dwindling oh come on we need to
get some lumber and maybe the sugar
because there was demand for sugar
although I don't know if there still is
and that's really unfortunate when I
finished supply tear over here no I
ain't gonna want one on the track here
somewhere so we'll put it I don't
halfway that's gonna be fine and we'll
probably want maintenance factory in
Salina now but that's okay so Wichita to
Salina
lock that in add locomotive is it
cheaper by any chance no it's way more
expensive so yeah I'm still very happy
to be using the American and you know
what we will purchase the snow for sure
why not
so you get the more reliability that's
going to be fine and fun and you're
loading a few resources can't believe
these things are shrinking army
massacres Indians oh gosh artillery
against women and children yeah that's
terrible that is really bad
come on why would you that okay all
right I do have to get the coal over
here which actually will be pretty easy
to do
let's go over here we'll just get you to
come in on the far side over here which
should be perfectly fine
and not really cause too much the way of
conflict we're gonna add a new line from
the Lopez pit to here we'll make sure
that at the Lopez pit you don't leave
unless you've got a full load of cars
and add locomotive and I know the
American is like well suited to Express
but it's still cheap so it's still gonna
be fine I'm a double buying that I'm
worried that I've double bought that
actually by hitting the button wrong
do-do-do-do okay so we're gonna deliver
coal I don't know if they still want
sugar but I think I'm gonna go ahead and
get that set up
because hopefully they'll grow yeah I'm
just gonna go and use one of the tracks
from the back ooh can I get you to run
parallel over here like that thank you
and do that curve I could have also just
manipulated things to get it to fit in
but that's gonna be fine okay
train locomotive Clark farm to Kansas
City and add locomotive this one close
that and oh yeah on the route make sure
that at Clark farm you pick up update
soon exit
we got another spy I will go and
purchase the spy and I'm gonna send you
to Don Lorenzo it's time to steal
something different okay so at least our
money is coming in fairly well I'm
really worried about Kansas City so
that's full sugar and it only has the
seven cars because I didn't set the
limit right away and you still want
sugar you do still want sugar that's
good so hopefully your demands are gonna
be satisfied are you currently growing
no indicator about it yet logs and meat
are still something that it would really
like we got we stole the condensation
tender okay vlogs and now this is cattle
I don't know if we have a meat
processing plant anywhere we do in
Wichita actually so that is going to be
our next priority I think get the cattle
delivered to Wichita which will make us
some money and then we are random
breakdown okay oh I do want to make sure
now to get a maintenance shed in Salina
here because there are some trains now
that are only visiting Salina as opposed
to visiting Kansas City can't believe
Salina we got to shrink
said and it wants some logs as well but
well at least get it to meet very soon
now I think if we just deliver meat from
Wichita Salina I think if Salinas got an
excess of meat it will get brought over
to Kansas City so I think it's gonna be
ok it's got its own brewery now hmm
we'll be making chemicals over here not
really doing anything with it now we're
really just making money for Don Lorenzo
but I don't I don't think that's much of
a problem I'm actually wondering if I
should buy the brewery we'd start an
auction for it I don't have a lot of
cash I might actually just wait until
we've got a bunch more money and then
see if I can get the brewery so we can
unlock the steam superhero heater for
10% more power power is not what we're
looking for but it's never bad if we do
this we get more reliability reduce
maintenance reduce maintenance that's
all good but we can also oh no we need
six technologies to get the 10 wheeler
which is really what I want to do so I
may as well go ahead and do this we're
gonna try to unlock things when we've
got the innovation points and then move
forward you know what I think this is a
plenty good place for us to put a bit of
a cut in I like our little initial setup
over here I think it is turning a profit
maybe we over built on track but it is
gonna scale up very well um yeah it will
assuming we get our cities to grow I'm a
little concerned Wichita is growing so
thank goodness there it's probably
getting a trickle of cattle in
automatically here
if I go here and check cattle yeah the
cattle is moving a little bit on its own
so it's getting supplied with meat so
it's being it's fairly happy but the
other towns are definitely having a bit
of an issue but we're gonna see if we
can't resolve that next time thank you
very much for watching folks and I will
see you guys next time
you